aboutme.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: What do I do
---

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-briefcase about-icon"></span>
Hi, I'm Vamshi Maya, a passionate Software Engineer with a love for building intelligent systems that scale. I was born and raised in Hyderabad, India, and I'm currently pursuing my Master's in Information Technology and Management at the University of Texas at Dallas.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-code about-icon"></span>
I specialize in Python development, AI/ML systems, and full-stack web applications. I've interned at DXC Technologies and UnicGate, where I worked on Android development, NLP chatbots, REST APIs, and data-driven insights for real-world use cases. My projects span across AI-driven sentiment analysis, geospatial data mining, and cloud-native deployments on AWS.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-trophy about-icon"></span>
I'm also a competitive programmer with a Codeforces rating of 1700+ and LeetCode rating of 1800+, having solved over 1500 problems. I love pushing myself to write efficient code and learn new tech stacks.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-heart about-icon"></span>
I'm deeply interested in Artificial Intelligence, especially Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, and MLOps. I enjoy creating things that make life simpler—whether it's an NLP chatbot, a data pipeline, or an Android app for organizing events.

Outside work, I'm into coding challenges, writing, exploring new tools, and occasionally binge-watching sci-fi shows or anime. I enjoy cooking Indian food and love sharing late-night coding sessions with a cup of chai in hand.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-envelope about-icon"></span>
I'm always open to collaboration, mentorship, and learning opportunities. Whether it's contributing to open-source, discussing startup ideas, or just geeking out over AI research—feel free to reach out!

📧 vamshi.maya005@gmail.com
🔗 <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vamshimaya/" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a> | 💻 <a href="https://github.com/vamshim005" target="_blank">GitHub</a>
</p>

### Quotes that inspire me:

- > "Work while they are sleeping. Learn while they are partying. Live like they are dreaming."
- > "When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor."  
  > \- _Elon Musk_
- > "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future."  
  > \- _Steve Jobs_

What else do you need?

### My hobbies

To be honest, I just have two hobbies: programming and photography. It's diffcult to describe the second hobby, so why don't you just [see for yourself](https://www.instagram.com/shan_1.0/?hl=en).

Commit message:

Update about me hobbies and set site URL to vamshimaya.com

aboutme.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: What do I do
---

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-briefcase about-icon"></span>
Hi, I'm Vamshi Maya, a passionate Software Engineer with a love for building intelligent systems that scale. I was born and raised in Hyderabad, India, and I'm currently pursuing my Master's in Information Technology and Management at the University of Texas at Dallas.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-code about-icon"></span>
I specialize in Python development, AI/ML systems, and full-stack web applications. I've interned at DXC Technologies and UnicGate, where I worked on Android development, NLP chatbots, REST APIs, and data-driven insights for real-world use cases. My projects span across AI-driven sentiment analysis, geospatial data mining, and cloud-native deployments on AWS.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-trophy about-icon"></span>
I'm also a competitive programmer with a Codeforces rating of 1700+ and LeetCode rating of 1800+, having solved over 1500 problems. I love pushing myself to write efficient code and learn new tech stacks.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-heart about-icon"></span>
I'm deeply interested in Artificial Intelligence, especially Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, and MLOps. I enjoy creating things that make life simpler—whether it's an NLP chatbot, a data pipeline, or an Android app for organizing events.

Outside work, I'm into coding challenges, writing, exploring new tools, and occasionally binge-watching sci-fi shows or anime. I enjoy cooking Indian food and love sharing late-night coding sessions with a cup of chai in hand.
</p>

<p class="about-text">
<span class="fa fa-envelope about-icon"></span>
I'm always open to collaboration, mentorship, and learning opportunities. Whether it's contributing to open-source, discussing startup ideas, or just geeking out over AI research—feel free to reach out!

📧 vamshi.maya005@gmail.com
🔗 <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vamshimaya/" target="_blank">LinkedIn</a> | 💻 <a href="https://github.com/vamshim005" target="_blank">GitHub</a>
</p>

### Quotes that inspire me:

- > "Work while they are sleeping. Learn while they are partying. Live like they are dreaming."
- > "When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor."  
  > \- _Elon Musk_
- > "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future."  
  > \- _Steve Jobs_

What else do you need?

### My hobbies

To be honest, I just have one hobby: solving coding challenges on LeetCode. It's difficult to describe, so why don't you just [see for yourself](https://leetcode.com/u/VamshiMaya/).
