README.md, before:

# vamshim005.github.io

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

This is the source code for [vamshim005.github.io](https://vamshim005.github.io), the personal portfolio website of Vamshi Maya. The site showcases my projects, skills, experience, and blog posts.

## 🌐 Live Site
[https://vamshim005.github.io](https://vamshim005.github.io)

## 🚀 Features
- Clean, responsive design
- Project portfolio with live links and GitHub repos
- Blog section for technical articles and updates
- About and contact information
- Built with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Easy to update and extend

## 📁 Structure
- `index.html` — Home page
- `projects.md` — List of projects
- `blog/` — Blog posts
- `assets/` — Images, CSS, and other static files

## 🛠️ How to Use
1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/vamshim005/vamshim005.github.io.git
   cd vamshim005.github.io
   ```
2. **Edit the content:**
   - Update `index.html`, `projects.md`, or add blog posts in the `blog/` directory.
3. **Preview locally:**
   - You can use [VS Code Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) or any static server to preview changes.
4. **Push changes:**
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Update portfolio"
   git push
   ```
5. **View your site:**
   - Visit [https://vamshim005.github.io](https://vamshim005.github.io) after a few minutes to see updates.

## 🤝 Contributing
Pull requests are welcome for improvements, bug fixes, or new blog posts. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Made with ❤️ by Vamshi Maya

Commit message:

Add static Image Recognition Demo page and update project links

README.md, after:

# vamshim005.github.io

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

This is the source code for [vamshim005.github.io](https://vamshim005.github.io), the personal portfolio website of Vamshi Maya. The site showcases my projects, skills, experience, and blog posts.

## 🌐 Live Site
[https://vamshim005.github.io](https://vamshim005.github.io)

## 🚀 Features
- Clean, responsive design
- Project portfolio with live links and GitHub repos
- Blog section for technical articles and updates
- About and contact information
- Built with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Easy to update and extend

## 📁 Structure
- `index.html` — Home page
- `projects.md` — List of projects
- `blog/` — Blog posts
- `assets/` — Images, CSS, and other static files

## 🛠️ How to Use
1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/vamshim005/vamshim005.github.io.git
   cd vamshim005.github.io
   ```
2. **Edit the content:**
   - Update `index.html`, `projects.md`, or add blog posts in the `blog/` directory.
3. **Preview locally:**
   - You can use [VS Code Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) or any static server to preview changes.
4. **Push changes:**
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Update portfolio"
   git push
   ```
5. **View your site:**
   - Visit [https://vamshim005.github.io](https://vamshim005.github.io) after a few minutes to see updates.

## 🤝 Contributing
Pull requests are welcome for improvements, bug fixes, or new blog posts. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Vamshi Maya

Note: The 'projects' directory will be created to host the Image Recognition Demo static page.
